---
layout: guidebook
title: A New File Structure
permalink: /guidebook/1.0/getting-started/meet-strata/new-file-structure/

menu_group: meet-strata
next_page: /guidebook/1.0/getting-started/meet-strata/conventions/
next_page_label: Conventions
---

A Strata project is composed of the a directory structure similar to those you may have already seen in other frameworks.

* bin/
* config/
  * environment/
* db/
* doc/
* log/
* src/
  * controller/
  * model/
    * entity/
  * shell/
    * command/
  * view/
    * helper/
* test/
* tmp/
* vendor/
* web/
  * app/
    * mu-plugins/
    * plugins/
    * themes/
    * uploads/
  * wp/


## Rundown

### Bin

The binary directory must hold custom maintenance scripts (not to be confused with application Shell script). It may also contain archives that cannot be pulled as a dependency by Composer.

### Config

Contains all configuration files used by the application. Each environment can further customize based on the way the project is executed.

### Db

Contains database migrations and SQL exports that may be used by the application.

### Doc

Contains the project's documentation. Using the automated documentation tool bundled in Strata will output in this directory.

### Log

Log files must be written in this directory when they are generated by the application.

### Src

The sources directory will contain all the object oriented Model View Controller files required by the application. By default files in the `src` directory are in the `App` namespace.

### Test

The test directory is were unit tests and mock objects must be found. By default files in the `test` directory are in the `Test` namespace.

### Vendor

Must exclusively be used by Composer. Contains the dependencies required by the application.

### Web

The only intended web-facing directory. Custom changes in the project scope will be found under `app` while `wp` should never be modified as it will be erased by updating Wordpress.
